‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Cake!
‎Aaah!
‎I'll protect my pastries
‎if it's the last thing I do!
‎-You're going to get hurt!
‎-Cake!
‎No, Dad... Mr Dupain! Move aside!
‎Wow! My heart is just like
‎that yoyo-wrapped baby's wrist,
‎taken prisoner by Milady forever!
‎-Aaah!
‎-Cake!
‎Ah! Adrien's lips! Aaah!
‎Admit it. For a second there,
‎you almost fell for my poetic verse.
‎I never fall for your poetry,
‎but I do find your foolishness
‎incredibly powerful.
‎Lucky charm!
‎Cake!
‎-Not cake!
‎-Your plastic doughnut
‎doesn't stand a chance against the best
‎macaroons in Paris. That baby has taste!
‎That's Marinette's bedroom!
‎Marinette! Marinette!
‎Cat Noir, grab this!
‎-Marinette!
‎-Cataclysm!
‎-Marinette! Marinette!
‎-Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Marinette? Marinette!
‎Marinette?
‎-So, what was it this time?
‎-A late-night craving, huh, baby August?
‎Oh, you're so cute!
‎I'm a bit jealous.
‎Don't be. Here, you can have him.
‎Bye-bye, little guy.
‎I meant jealous of him!
‎Spots off!
‎-Tom?
‎-Marinette is not in her bedroom!
‎You miss her already, too?
‎I know how it feels.
‎Gummy.
‎Ah, of course! The pacifier!
‎Gummy!
‎Marinette?
‎This isn't the first time
‎I've seen you right after
‎Ladybug's transformed back.
‎Could you be... ?
‎In love with you!
‎Marinette?
‎-Cake!
‎-Well, I never! Whoa!
‎Oh! Well, perfect timing. I have to go
‎and bring him back to his mother!
‎Wait! Why don't you come have
‎Sunday brunch with us tomorrow?
‎I'll make macaroons!
‎How could I say no to that?
‎Well, see you tomorrow, then!
‎I just thought that she followed us
‎everywhere because she's a fan of Ladybug.
‎But it turns out
‎that she's in love with me.
‎Do you realise? It's the first time that
‎a girl's told me she's in love with me.
‎Tell me about it. If only Ladybug
‎would confess her love to me like that.
‎This is a total disaster!
‎-You shouldn't have lied, Marinette.
‎-But he was about to figure out
‎-that I'm Ladybug!
‎-Now everyone thinks
‎that you're in love with him!
‎Our daughter's boyfriend
‎is coming for lunch!
‎Do you realise Marinette has a boyfriend?
‎And he's a superhero on top of that!
‎She'll be safe with him.
‎Aren't you jumping the gun a little, Tom?
‎You're right. I can't be baking dessert
‎when I haven't even started
‎on the first course yet!
‎I know! I'm going to cook them
‎a delicious sweethearts' vol-au-vent!
‎Now, where are the candied oranges?
‎What I meant is that Cat Noir
‎hasn't said anything about‎ his‎ feelings.
‎Come on, it's obvious
‎he's in love with Marinette!
‎Besides, who wouldn't love Marinette?
‎Everyone loves Marinette!
‎You finally got yourself a girlfriend.
‎And not any girlfriend.
‎The daughter of the best baker in Paris!
‎Marinette in love with Cat Noir?
‎I didn't think he was her type!
‎Before you know it, we'll be enjoying
‎some warm and crispy bread
‎to go with every piece of cheese.
‎Our life is about to change!
‎Stop it, Plagg.
‎You know I'm in love with Ladybug!
‎So? I don't see the problem in keeping
‎two pots simmering on the stove!
‎Especially when
‎there's actually only one pot.
‎I have to be honest with Marinette.
‎I'll go over for brunch,
‎but only to tell her the truth.
‎Are you kidding? At least, please wait
‎until after the cheese platter is served!
‎He's not coming.
‎But if he does,
‎what are you going to say to him?
‎I'm sure he's not coming!
‎He's in love with Ladybug!
‎He's not gonna come just for macaroons!
‎He's been rejected so many times
‎by Ladybug. Maybe he's changed his mind!
‎Cat Noir, change his mind? Ha!
‎I seriously doubt it.
‎No one's as stubborn
‎and one-track minded as him!
‎-Shouldn't we be at Marinette's already?
‎-Shh!
‎Adrien, you have 24 minutes
‎to finish your lunch
‎before it's time to review
‎your Chinese lesson.
‎Is my father too busy
‎to have lunch with me again?
‎Indeed. Your next meal with your father
‎is next Thursday,
‎-between 7:30 am and 7:45 am.
‎-In that case,
‎I'll have my lunch in my room
‎while studying Chinese.
‎At least talking while I eat
‎will feel like I have some company!
‎Delicious bread, here we come!
‎I told you, we're not going for brunch.
‎I'll only tell Marinette that she's
‎not the one I love. Then we'll leave.
‎She's going to be so sad.
‎How could I make this easier on her?
‎You're right. Breaking her heart
‎with flowers will be‎ much‎ more romantic.
‎I told you he won't come.
‎Huh!
‎Looks like you underestimated
‎Cat Noir's love of macaroons!
‎I don't believe it! What a glutton!
‎Oh, no! What if this doofus has
‎actually fallen in love with me?
‎For what, seconds?
‎Is that all his love for Ladybug is worth?
‎Just one tiny declaration of love
‎and that's it, poof! He changes his mind?
‎Uh, since you and Ladybug are the same
‎person, he didn't exactly change his mind.
‎Oh, no! I definitely have to tell him
‎that I'm not really in love with him!
‎Wait! I can't!
‎If I tell him that I don't love him,
‎he won't understand
‎why I told him that I loved him!
‎I only told him so he wouldn't
‎figure out I'm Ladybug,
‎but if he sees that I lied,
‎he'll also see I did all that
‎so he wouldn't guess that I'm Ladybug...
‎and he'll figure out that I'm Ladybug!
‎Marinette! Marinette!
‎Tikki, help me!
‎Voilà!
‎This is a nightmare!
‎Come on, sweetie. Let him in.
‎Uh... hello, Marinette.
‎-Uh... Hello, Cat Noir.
‎-Welcome to our home!
‎Tom, let him come up for some air, huh?
‎Oops! Sorry! Ha, ha!
‎-Um... how are you?
‎-Uh, fine and you?
‎Oh! He brought a pink rose for Marinette!
‎She loves pink!
‎You two already know each other so well!
‎Everyone loves pink!
‎It doesn't mean anything.
‎And actually,
‎we don't know each other that well.
‎He's right! It all happened so fast!
‎Love at first sight?
‎That's even more romantic!
‎Have a seat, kids.
‎I'll bring out the first course.
‎ I have something to tell you!
‎Voilà‎! Sweethearts' vol-au-vent!
‎For two, of course!
‎Tell me, Cat Noir,
‎is being a superhero a steady profession?
‎Tom!
‎-What?
‎-You're right, Dad!
‎It must be dangerous,
‎being a superhero's girlfriend!
‎-Maybe I should rethink this.
‎-Of course not, sweetie!
‎Cat Noir won't be a superhero
‎all his life!
‎Once he's defeated Hawk Moth, he won't
‎need to run on the roofs with a stick.
‎I know!
‎He could work in the bakery with me!
‎-I could train you, young man!
‎-Uh...
‎Maybe Cat Noir
‎doesn't want to be a baker at all!
‎Ah! See? He'd love to!
‎Everyone loves bakers!
‎-Uh...
‎-The Dupain-Cat Noir bakery!
‎-Doesn't that sound purr-fect?
‎-Tom!
‎I can already see the little kittens
‎running around in the house.
‎And pet hamsters! Do you like hamsters?
‎Because my daughter loves them!
‎What did you want to name
‎your future hamster again?
‎-This is a nightmare!
‎-Nightmare, right!
‎That's a funny name, isn't it?
‎I'm bringing the soufflé!
‎Voilà‎! Hmm?
‎Tom, how about we let Cat Noir
‎tell us himself what he wants?
‎Good idea. He seems like the kind of boy
‎who changes his mind rather quickly!
‎ Well, actually...
‎Mr Dupain, Mrs Dupain-Cheng, Marinette...
‎Here's the thing. You're really nice
‎and this meal is delicious,
‎and the friendliest
‎I've had in a long time.
‎Marinette, you're awesome
‎and I get that you have feelings for me.
‎After all, I'm awesome in so many ways,
‎even I could fall in love with myself.
‎Anyway, I'm afraid my heart
‎belongs to someone else.
‎Even if she keeps rejecting me,
‎even if she loves somebody else,
‎I'm in love with Ladybug.
‎I'm really sorry, Marinette.
‎Oh, this is so...
‎so sad!
‎To think I spent all this time
‎following you everywhere
‎to tell you that I loved you, Cat Noir!
‎ I am so miserable!
‎No one will ever love me!
‎I'll end up all alone with my hamster,
‎and its name will be Loneliness!
‎♪ La, la, la, la ♪
‎Oh, this is such a relief, Tikki!
‎He's not in love with me!
‎Well, uh...
‎I don't want to bother you any longer.
‎I'm really sorry.
‎Thanks for having me, anyway.
‎Is there a more delicious recipe
‎than a father's heart
‎broken by his child's heartache?
‎Fly, my dreadful akuma,
‎an evil feast of darkness awaits you!
‎How can he not love Marinette?
‎Everyone loves Marinette!
‎One day, Marinette will meet another boy.
‎She'll love him with all her heart, and --
‎He'll break it too! Never again!
‎I won't let anyone
‎break my daughter's heart again!
‎Weredad, I am Hawk Moth.
‎I'm giving you the power
‎to protect your daughter
‎from anything that brings her harm.
‎-In return...
‎-I'll bring you some Cat Noir pâté!
‎That, and his and Ladybug's Miraculous
‎would be perfect.
‎What is this? Tikki!
‎Marinette!
‎I messed up.
‎I really messed up! Marinette!
‎Marinette!
‎-I'm so sorry! This is all my fault!
‎-Of course not, Cat Noir! It's Tom.
‎No matter how many times I tell him,
‎he always takes things too far.
‎I'll bring your husband back to his
‎senses and help Marinette, I promise!
‎-Shouldn't you wait for Ladybug?
‎-I trust her.
‎-She always shows up at the right time.
‎-You really love her, huh?
‎Yes. But, um, Marinette seems like
‎an awesome girl too, you know!
‎-Don't worry. I'll save her!
‎-I've faith in you. You're a good person.
‎Never apologise for your feelings.
‎Thank you, Mrs Dupain-Cheng.
‎Good luck, Cat Noir!
‎Marinette!
‎Tikki!
‎-Marinette!
‎-Tikki? I'm here!
‎-Marinette, where are you?
‎-Tikki!
‎Marinette? Mr Dupain?
‎How dare you come back
‎after what you've done?
‎Aaah!
‎I will always be here to save Marinette.
‎She's safe from you! And all the boys
‎who want to break her heart!
‎I didn't mean to break her heart,
‎sir, I swear!
‎And I swear
‎that I'm about to crush your bones!
‎Where are you, Ladybug?
‎I'm sorry, but... Aaah!
‎I can't let you do that!
‎-Why not?
‎-Aaah!
‎Because I have... Whoa!
‎..a damsel in distress to rescue!
‎I forbid you to rescue her!
‎You don't deserve to save her!
‎From now on,
‎no one else but I will protect her!
‎Are you planning to protect her
‎all her life?
‎Exactly!
‎I'll keep her safe from sadness, hardship
‎and anything that could hurt her!
‎You can't protect her from
‎what hurts most! Know what that is?
‎My great, big punches?
‎No, what hurts the most is solitude.
‎Believe me, I know all about it!
‎Nothing hurts more than isolation,
‎sitting alone in front of a cold meal!
‎Is that what you want for your daughter?
‎A lifetime of cold meals
‎in her prison of roses?
‎She will never be alone!
‎Someday a prince will come.
‎A prince worthy of her,
‎daring enough to face me,
‎who will brave the many dangers
‎and pick the magic rose for her!
‎He will be worthy
‎of taking her from my guard.
‎-Tikki!
‎-This is a magic prison, Marinette.
‎It looks like it's trying
‎to keep me from finding you!
‎There must be a way out of here!
‎Hmm.
‎That rose...
‎it's the one Cat Noir gave me!
‎OK.
‎I may not be her prince,
‎but I'm charming enough to free her!
‎I forbid you to do so!
‎Marinette? Marinette?
‎I'm OK! I can do it!
‎Not being in love with her and losing
‎my stick won't keep me from saving her!
‎I'll never give up, never!
‎You're not worthy of my daughter!
‎The Miraculous! Grab his ring!
‎Gotcha!
‎Aaah!
‎What? What's going on? Aaah!
‎-Aaah!
‎-Marinette!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Milady!
‎-I'm coming!
‎-No! Take care of Marinette!
‎-She's around here!
‎-Don't worry!
‎I've already taken her to safety!
‎She's as wonderful as ever.
‎Who wouldn't be in love with Ladybug?
‎Oh! I...
‎She also has some flaws, you know!
‎Not all of us can land on our feet,
‎so I guess we're gonna need
‎a little bit of luck.
‎Lucky charm!
‎-Oh!
‎-Do your thing, Cat noir!
‎Cataclysm!
‎-Hang on!
‎-Whoa!
‎-Tom!
‎-Honey!
‎Pound it, Milady!
‎Pound it, Cat Noir.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎-Marinette! Marinette!
‎-Marinette!
‎Wait! The Miraculous repaired everything,
‎so she must be safely back in her room!
‎-Marinette!
‎-Dad... Dad, I can't breathe!
‎-Oh! Sorry! I was so scared!
‎You were so heartbroken because of that...
‎Grr!
‎Dad, stop. Cat Noir has every right
‎to be in love with Ladybug.
‎She's very lucky to have you.
‎And just because you and I aren't in love,
‎-doesn't mean that we can't be friends.
‎-Really? Oh, phew!
‎I really didn't want to hurt you.
‎You seem like such an awesome person.
‎Even though you're not a fan,
‎like I thought when I saw you on the roof!
‎What?
‎You just thought I was a fan of yours?
‎Well, yeah! That's what I was about to say
‎when you jumped on me.
‎-"Could it be that she's a fan of mine?"
‎-You see, Tom?
‎Your daughter can handle
‎her own disappointments.
‎And even if he's not in love
‎with Marinette,
‎Cat Noir proved himself
‎by saving her today.
‎It's true. Your courage and tenacity
‎match those of the greatest pastry chefs!
‎Are you sure that you don't want to learn?
‎If you bring fresh croissants
‎to Ladybug every day,
‎she'll surely wind up
‎falling in love with you!
‎Dad!